# Sentiment analysis with data from Twitter using the keyword “UCM”

Github Link: https://github.com/Priyanka12899/Homework6_SentimentAnalysis/blob/main/Twitter_SentiAnalysis.ipynb

Sentiment analysis is the process of determining the emotional tone or sentiment behind a piece of text.  Using data science and NLP, it can transform the data into something a computer understands. Once the reviews are in a computer-readable formatWhen it comes to sentiment analysis with the Twitter API, the following steps can be followed:
Here in this case, I have done sentiment analysis on 30 tweets containing the keyword "UCM." This has been done using machine learning model categorize them as either positive, neutral, or negative. The results of the analysis are as follows: Total number of tweets are as follows: positive number:  3, negative number:  7 and neutral number:  20. By observing the  analysis using keyword 'UCM' found that most of the tweets are  neutral and there are less number of negative tweets. The number of positive and negative were as, with 43% of tweets being positive and 6% being negative. This tells us that there were both positive and neutral sentiments expressed in tweets containing the keyword "UCM." It's worth noting that this is a general overview of the process, and there might be variations or additional steps depending on the specific tools, libraries, or frameworks you use for sentiment analysis. To conclude, the sentiment analysis of 30 tweets containing the keyword "UCM" suggests that there were a mix of positive, negative, and neutral sentiments present in these tweets. Also, there are less number of negative tweets. 
